So a lot of content was covered in this module. We added authentication, quite complex authentication
flow, quite verbose, I guess there are places where you can write that a bit leaner and split it up
over multiple functions but I really wanted to keep it like this to make it really clear how the flow
of things is and in which order the things are executed.
I hope that worked and I can only encourage you to dive into that code and carefully work your way
through it to fully understand it if you get any issues,
we covered a lot of ground,
this isn't trivial we have a lot of checks to do but we should have a good working authentication here.
Obviously you can always build a more elaborate one, cover more cases, test it more thoroughly but this
should work really nice and
with that, let's move on and see how else we can polish our app.